Add docs for extension config parameter for zend view renderer (#664)
zendframework/zend-expressive: docs/book/v3/features/container/factories.md

]
```

> - `extension` parameter available since `zendframework/zend-expressive-zendviewrenderer` 2.2.0

Reviewer: Can you set the version at the beginning?

> Since 2.2.0: `extension` parameter...

This would be consistent with most version informations in the documentation. Thanks!

Author: Wouldn't it be confusing since this is zend-expressive documentation and release mentioned is from different package?

```suggestion
- Since ZendViewRenderer 2.2.0: `extension` parameter is used to configure default suffix used by NamespacedPathStackResolver 
```

Reviewer 2: There is an issue open for splitting the documentation: #594
